Start table with networks vocabulary (#6)
BIRSBiointegration/whitePaper: content/80.glossary.md

## Glossary

| Consensus term | Synonyms | Description |
| -------------- | -------- | ----------- |

> | Network | Graph | A set of *nodes*, representing objects of interest, linked by *edges*, representing specific relationships between nodes. Nodes can have several properties called *attributes* like cell type or position. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Network | Graph | A set of *nodes*, representing objects of interest, linked by *edges*, representing specific relationships between nodes. |
```

> | Node | Vertice | Element of interest in a network and linked to other nodes. For exemple: people, cells, proteins or genes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Node | Vertice | Element of interest in a network and linked to other nodes. For example: people, cells, proteins or genes. Nodes can have several properties called *attributes* like cell type or position. |
```
Should `Vertice` be `Vertex` if it's singular?

Author: you're right!

Reviewer: Ok! Just updated my suggestion so that when you apply it, things will come through - thanks! 😁

> | Edge | Link | The relatioinship between 2 nodes in a network. For exemple: friendship in social networks, cells in contact in a spatial network, protein-protein interactions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Edge | Link | The relationship between 2 nodes in a network. For example: friendship in social networks, cells in contact in a spatial network, or gene-gene interactions in a genetic network. |
```
Some typo changes, and then I also made it gene-gene interactions (a la epistasis or similar) since otherwise I was writing physical protein-protein interactions in a protein network and it came right after the cells. See what you think!

Author: ```suggestion
| Edge | Link | The relationship between 2 nodes in a network. For example: friendship in social networks, cells in contact in a spatial network, or gene-gene interactions in a gene regulatory network. |
```
Yes it's globally much better, I propose 'gene regulatory network' instead of 'genetic network' because some biologists prefer it this way (although I personally don't mind)
